---
layout: post
title: "Climbing"
categories: Club-Info Climbing
tags: climbing
---

Clwyd MC is an active club with climbing meets arranged every Sunday all year round.
Mid-week we have meets on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings when the days are longer. These are currently the coastal rock meets on a Tuesday evening which includes all the crags along the A55 corridor as far as Penmaenmawr and including the Ormes.
On Wednesday evenings it’s the Clwyd rock area meets which include the inland crags near Llangollen. These also take in Maesafn and Pothole Quarry.

The meets are posted on the website during the previous week, and members may also contact the meets co-ordinator by e-mail or phone.

The Sunday meets are normally held in Snowdonia and have included Llanberis Pass, Milestone Buttress, Idwal Slabs and y Moelwynion in the past year.
In addition members arrange to meet informally at weekends or during the week.

We hold regular weekend coaching meets for beginners as well as those wanting to improve their climbing. The coaches are more experienced members of the club. These meets are usually based in the Cwm Glas Mawr hut in Llanberis Pass and are a good opportunity, especially for those new to the club, to socialise with other members. Individual coaching can also be arranged.

Away meets are organised both in the UK and abroad. Most years we have a weekend at the Roaches, staying in the Don Whillans hut and a week sport climbing in Portland as well as trips to the Alps. ‘Hot Rock’ sport climbing winter meets have included trips to Italy, Turkey, Kalymnos, Sardinia, Morocco and Spain. More details of these events are given in the meets section.
